               Serenity Point Homeowner’s Association, Inc.
                          Rules and Regulations
                       Approved December 12, 2024

1. Residential Use: The Property subject to these Covenants and Restrictions may be used for residential
   living units and for no other, purpose. No business or commercial building may be erected on any Lot
   and no business may be conducted on any part thereof. No lot shall be divided, subdivided or reduced in
   size. (V. Restrictions)

2. Nuisances: Nothing shall be done or maintained on any Lot which may be or become an annoyance or
   nuisance to the neighborhood. No obnoxious, offensive, or unlawful activity shall be carried on upon
   The Properties nor shall anything be done thereon which may be or may become an annoyance or
   nuisance to other Owners. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, no hunting or discharge of
   firearms is permitted at any time. Hours: Sunday-Thursday no excessive noise, music or outdoor parties
   after 10pm. Three-day Federal or State recognized holidays will exclude Sunday from the 10pm curfew.
   Friday & Saturday noise, music and outdoor parties must cease at midnight.
     (V. Restrictions)

3. Easement: Easements for installation and maintenance of utilities are reserved as shown on the recorded
   plat. Within these easements, no structure or other material shall be place or permitted to remain which
   may damage or interfere with the installation and maintenance of utilities or easements. The easement.
   area of each Lot and all improvements on and in it shall be maintained continuously by the Owner of the
   Lot. (V. Restrictions)

4. Drainage: No changes in the elevation of any Lot shall be made which will cause undue hardship to
   adjoining property. (V. Restrictions)


5. Care and Appearance of Premises: The structures and grounds of each building Lot shall be maintained
   in a neat and attractive manner (such as roofs, driveways, sidewalks, landscaping, buildings structures,
   etc.) (V. Restrictions)

6. Utility Connections: Building connections for all utilities, including, but not limited to water, sewer,
   electricity, telephone and television shall be run underground from the proper connecting points to the
   building structure in such a manner to be acceptable to the governing utility authority.
    (V. Restrictions)

7. Roofs: All buildings shall have cement tiles and or Aluminum or similar in appearance.
   (V. Restrictions)

8. Exterior Color Plan: All exterior color of any unit must be pastel colors and conform to the existing
   natural color scheme of and for Serenity Point. (VI. Restrictions)

9. No Temporary Buildings or Outdoor Religious Structures: No tents, shacks, tanks, temporary or
   accessory buildings or structures, including religious images or monuments, shall be erected or permitted
   to remain on any Lot without written consent of the Declarant or the Association.
    (VI. Restrictions)
10. Grass Care and Cutting by Individual Owners: Each lot owner is responsible for the maintenance and
    care, which includes sufficient cutting, sodding and watering, of the grass and trees contained within his
    or her individual lot area (lot area for the purposes of this Declaration, shall be that area between-the
    edge of the street asphalt and the house and its boundaries). (VI. Restrictions)

11. Boats and Commercial Vehicles: No trucks or commercial vehicles or campers, mobile homes, motor
    homes, house trailers or trailers of every other description, recreational vehicles. No privately owned
    boats or commercial vehicles may be parked, temporarily or permanently, in the front driveway of any
    unit or lot. (FIRST AMENDMENT V. Restrictions)

12. Security Screens and Fences: All window and security gates must be placed on the inside of the unit.
    No outside window or door gate security screens are permitted.
     (FIRST AMENDMENT V. Restrictions)

13. Pets, Livestock and Poultry: No Animals, reptiles, wildlife, livestock or poultry of any
 kind shall be raised, bred, kept or stabled on any Lot.
     a. Clean up after your pet, regardless if you are on your property or the common areas

14. Garbage and Trash Disposal: No garbage, refuse, trash or rubbish shall be deposited except as
    permitted by the Association. Every garbage receptacle, maintained outside of the garbage or
    container shall be placed on the side of the house not visible from the front of the house or the
    backyard within the perimeter of the house. All garbage and rubbish shall be placed in the garbage
    receptacle or container and the owner shall at all times keep and maintain the Lot in a clean and
    sanitary condition. The requirements from time to time of the applicable governmental authority or
    other company or association for disposal or collection of waste shall be complied with. Trash and
    Recycle bins must be removed from the curb by sun down the day of collection. Trash Days:
    Tuesdays and Fridays (recycle is every other Friday)
    a. Bulk waste pick up: Call 311. Your pile will be picked up within 9 days from the date you
    indicated and you must notify the Association with the confirmation number to avoid any
    notices from the Association.
    b. Bulk Items can also be taken to the Palm Springs North Trash & Recycling Center (7870
    NW 178 Street)
    c. Trash bins should be pulled back the same day to prevent any fines from being assessed

15. No drying: No clothing, laundry or wash shall be aired or dried, on any portion of The Property
    except on any portion of a Lot which is completely screened from the view of all persons other than
    those on the Lot itself.


16. Exterior Modifications: All exterior modifications require prior Architectural Review Board
    (ARB) approval. Architectural Request must include detailed plans and are subject to adherence
    to local and state building codes and satisfactory inspection(s).

17. Recreational Equipment: Recreational equipment shall be placed or installed only with the
    approval of the Architectural Review Board (ARB).

18. Unnecessary and excessive noises: (Town of Miami Lakes Code of Ordinances Section 16-1)
    A. Radios, televisions, phonographs, etc. Loud music or audio (plainly audible at a distance of 100
       feet from the building, structure, vehicle or person where the sound is originating) may not be
       played after 11:00PM and may resume being played at 9:00AM* *Except on July 4th, December
       24th, and December 31st in which case, 11:00pm shall be extended to 12:00am of July 5th,
       December 25th, and January 1st, respectively, of each year.
    B. Construction Hours of construction work (as per Section 16-1 (13)):
       Monday-Friday 7:01AM-7:59PM
       Saturday 9:01AM-7:59PM
       Anytime on Sunday
    C. Call the non-emergency line at (305) 579-6111

19. Vehicle Parking: (Town of Miami Lakes Code of Ordinances Section 13-1508)
    Parking shall not be permitted on sand, lawns, common access areas, rights-of-way, across sidewalks,
    center islands of culs-de-sac and other nonpaved areas not approved for parking. Overnight parking, any
    time between the hours of 12:00 midnight and 6:00AM, shall not be permitted on swale areas; however,
    overnight parking shall be permitted on driveway approach areas if the vehicle does not block the
    sidewalk.
